less-awesome.md, before:

# Less Awesome Roller Derby
A curated list of a bit less awesome things (not open licence) related to roller derby.

# Contents
- [League management](#league-management)
- [Streaming](#streaming)
- [Training](#training)
- [Awesome Roller Derby](/)
- [Stats](#stats)

## League management
- [Trackkarma](https://www.trackkarma.com/) - Comprehensive management application designed specifically for roller derby leagues - **Advertising-based** / [Paid](https://www.patreon.com/trackkarma)

## Streaming
- [RollerDerby TV](rollerderbytv.net) - Provides high-quality filming and live streaming services for Roller Derby events.
- [Watch Derby](https://www.watchderby.com/playoffs-championships) - Archive of links for MRDA/WFTDA Champs games, also possibly listing some upcoming games.

## Training
- [Roller Derby Drills Collection](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183eo0M2mM5a3pNqF8fNi-zEd9iMWO8bKCpI3mUQjzX4/edit?gid=0#gid=0) - A collection of roller derby drills in a spreadsheet
- [LessonStack](https://lessonstack.net/) - Platform to create, share and organize drills and trainings - Free / [Paid](https://lessonstack.net/pricing)
- [OK Drills!](https://www.okdrills.com/) - Training app that helps you prepare and lead practices, create drills and share them with your league or everyone on the app - Free / [Paid](https://www.okdrills.com/pricing)

## Stats
- [Flat Track Stats](https://flattrackstats.com/) - The most comprehensive database of games played, updated by the community - **Advertising-based**

Commit message:

Update resources in less-awesome.md
Added new resources for books and stats sections, and removed duplicates.

less-awesome.md, after:

# Less Awesome Roller Derby
A curated list of a bit less awesome things (not open licence) related to roller derby.

# Contents
- [Awesome Roller Derby](/)
- [Books](#books)
- [League management](#league-management)
- [Stats](#stats)
- [Streaming](#streaming)
- [Training](#training)

## Books
- [Basics of Roller Derby PDF](https://ko-fi.com/s/7b777be0f8) - Basics of roller derby illustrated with animals! Superb for beginners.
- [The roller derby blueprint](https://www.facebook.com/TheRollerDerbyBlueprint) - The Roller Derby Blueprint is a strategy guide for players, captains, coaches and team leaders - [Barnes & Noble](https://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-roller-derby-blueprint-scott-meyer/1141910075) | [Amazon](https://www.amazon.com/Roller-Derby-Blueprint-Scott-Meyer/dp/B0B4HJSM1Y)

## League management
- [Trackkarma](https://www.trackkarma.com/) - Comprehensive management application designed specifically for roller derby leagues - **Advertising-based** / [Paid](https://www.patreon.com/trackkarma)

## Stats
- [Flat Track Stats](https://flattrackstats.com/) - The most comprehensive database of games played, updated by the community - **Advertising-based**

## Streaming
- [RollerDerby TV](rollerderbytv.net) - Provides high-quality filming and live streaming services for Roller Derby events.
- [Watch Derby](https://www.watchderby.com/playoffs-championships) - Archive of links for MRDA/WFTDA Champs games, also possibly listing some upcoming games.

## Training
- [Roller Derby Drills Collection](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/183eo0M2mM5a3pNqF8fNi-zEd9iMWO8bKCpI3mUQjzX4/edit?gid=0#gid=0) - A collection of roller derby drills in a spreadsheet
- [LessonStack](https://lessonstack.net/) - Platform to create, share and organize drills and trainings - Free / [Paid](https://lessonstack.net/pricing)
- [OK Drills!](https://www.okdrills.com/) - Training app that helps you prepare and lead practices, create drills and share them with your league or everyone on the app - Free / [Paid](https://www.okdrills.com/pricing)
