README.md, before:

# Awesome Roller Derby
A curated list of open source awesome things related to roller derby.
To be part of this list, projects and software must have an open license.

### What is an open licence?
An open license allows anyone ot reuse the content, if it's a software it could be open source licence (GPL, MIT, etc.) and if it's some other content, then using a free redistribution license (CC-BY-SA, used by Wikipedia, etc.).

### Why is an open license important?
Open license allows redistribution of content, and ultimately, this will help roller derby grow!
Another consequence is that when the creator of the content disappear or stops distributing it, other people can still do it!
It also allows other people to build on the work, in the same way we're all standing on the shoulders of our ancestors.

### There is some other content which is not open out there.
True. It can also be awesome, but less awesome. :)

# Contents
- [Simulators](simulators)
- [Scoreboards](#scoreboards)
- [CRG tools](#crg-tools)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Officials](#officials)
- [Stats](#stats)
- [Less Awesome Roller Derby](/less-awesome.md)

## Simulators
- [NURDS](https://nurds.space) - New Ultimate Roller Derby Simulator - [Source](https://github.com/fa-bien/nurds)
- [Derbyboard](https://derbyboard.com/) - Record roller derby strategies through your browser, with optional audio capture - [Source](https://github.com/ruihildt/derbyboard)
- [Track-Viz](https://trackviz.netlify.app/) - Roller Derby Track Visualization, with 3D! - [Source](https://github.com/webdingens/track-viz)

## Scoreboards
- [CRG Derby Scoreboard](https://github.com/rollerderby/scoreboard) - Browser-based scoreboard solution that also provides overlays for video production and the ability to track full game data and export it to a WFTDA statsbook.
- [NSOBridge](https://github.com/someweisguy/NSOBridge) - [WIP] Very early infancy and still has quite a ways to go before it will be ready
- [ARD Scoreboard](https://github.com/BrewSleeDerby/scoreboard) - [WIP] WFTDA Roller Derby scoreboard app made with Vue 3 in early stage of developement
- [Jamster](https://github.com/awsxdr/jamster) - [WIP] Scoreboard and live stats system for running games

## CRG Tools
- [CRG Overlays](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-overlays/tree/main) - Custom overlays for CRG
- [Stream Deck Control for CRG](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-streamdeck) - Control CRG with an Elgato Stream Deck
- [CRG Auto Backup](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-auto-backup) - Automated Backup for CRG Scoreboard Application
- [Jam Stats](https://jamstats.net/) - Make plots on roller derby scoreboard data and following live game data - [Source](https://github.com/dhmay/jamstats)
- [Wsproxy](https://github.com/DerbyStats/wsproxy) - Live broadcast a CRG Roller Derby Scoreboard to the internet
- [Roller Derby Scoreboard Containerized](https://github.com/nashvillerollerderby/roller-derby-scoreboard-containerized) - Tools to build and run CRG

## Rules
- [Calls](http://www.viennarollerderby.org/calls/calls.html) - Random call generator for roller derby - [Source](https://github.com/fa-bien/calls)
- [Penalty Party](https://penaltyparty.eu/) - Penalty Party helps roller derby leagues to run testing for the WFTDA rules. - [Source](https://github.com/mxsasha/penaltyparty)

## Officials
- [Stave](https://stave.app/) - Platform for roller derby signups and staffing - [Source](https://github.com/davidmreed/stave)
- [TOAST](https://rollerderby.directory/) - The Roller Derby Tournament Officials Season Tracker Web application! - [Source](https://gitlab.com/leegent/toast-api)
- [The Zen of Reffing Roller Derby](https://zenref.rollerderby.fyi/) - Training manual for roller derby referees - [Source](https://github.com/mrogaski/zenref)
- [Non-Skating Official Guides](https://nonskating.club/) - Guides covering everything non-skating officials need to know to officiate high level play in a WFTDA, JRDA, or MRDA context. - [Source](https://github.com/davidmreed/nonskating.club)
- [Pocket Penalty Box Manager](https://keyobs.github.io/pocket-pbt/) - Reliable backup for the official penalty box timers - [Source](https://github.com/keyobs/pocket-pbt)

## Stats
- [derby](https://github.com/biplabendu/derby) - Statistics for roller derby obtained from the WFTDA Statsbook.
- [MRDA Games API](https://api.mrda.org/v1-public/sanctioning/scores?limit=1000) - API with list of MRDA sanctioned games from 2024 -> now
- [Statsbook Tool](https://github.com/AdamSmasherDerby/Statsbook-Tool/releases) - A tool for error-checking WFTDA Statsbooks - [Source](https://github.com/AdamSmasherDerby/Statsbook-Tool) | [Donate](https://ko-fi.com/J3J11GKIZ)

Commit message:

Add Wordpress section with team and schedule plugins
Added Wordpress plugins for managing teams and schedules.

README.md, after:

# Awesome Roller Derby
A curated list of open source awesome things related to roller derby.
To be part of this list, projects and software must have an open license.

### What is an open licence?
An open license allows anyone ot reuse the content, if it's a software it could be open source licence (GPL, MIT, etc.) and if it's some other content, then using a free redistribution license (CC-BY-SA, used by Wikipedia, etc.).

### Why is an open license important?
Open license allows redistribution of content, and ultimately, this will help roller derby grow!
Another consequence is that when the creator of the content disappear or stops distributing it, other people can still do it!
It also allows other people to build on the work, in the same way we're all standing on the shoulders of our ancestors.

### There is some other content which is not open out there.
True. It can also be awesome, but less awesome. :)

# Contents
- [Simulators](simulators)
- [Scoreboards](#scoreboards)
- [CRG tools](#crg-tools)
- [Rules](#rules)
- [Officials](#officials)
- [Stats](#stats)
- [Wordpress](#wordpress)
- [Less Awesome Roller Derby](/less-awesome.md)

## Simulators
- [NURDS](https://nurds.space) - New Ultimate Roller Derby Simulator - [Source](https://github.com/fa-bien/nurds)
- [Derbyboard](https://derbyboard.com/) - Record roller derby strategies through your browser, with optional audio capture - [Source](https://github.com/ruihildt/derbyboard)
- [Track-Viz](https://trackviz.netlify.app/) - Roller Derby Track Visualization, with 3D! - [Source](https://github.com/webdingens/track-viz)

## Scoreboards
- [CRG Derby Scoreboard](https://github.com/rollerderby/scoreboard) - Browser-based scoreboard solution that also provides overlays for video production and the ability to track full game data and export it to a WFTDA statsbook.
- [NSOBridge](https://github.com/someweisguy/NSOBridge) - [WIP] Very early infancy and still has quite a ways to go before it will be ready
- [ARD Scoreboard](https://github.com/BrewSleeDerby/scoreboard) - [WIP] WFTDA Roller Derby scoreboard app made with Vue 3 in early stage of developement
- [Jamster](https://github.com/awsxdr/jamster) - [WIP] Scoreboard and live stats system for running games

## CRG Tools
- [CRG Overlays](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-overlays/tree/main) - Custom overlays for CRG
- [Stream Deck Control for CRG](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-streamdeck) - Control CRG with an Elgato Stream Deck
- [CRG Auto Backup](https://github.com/rcrderby/crg-auto-backup) - Automated Backup for CRG Scoreboard Application
- [Jam Stats](https://jamstats.net/) - Make plots on roller derby scoreboard data and following live game data - [Source](https://github.com/dhmay/jamstats)
- [Wsproxy](https://github.com/DerbyStats/wsproxy) - Live broadcast a CRG Roller Derby Scoreboard to the internet
- [Roller Derby Scoreboard Containerized](https://github.com/nashvillerollerderby/roller-derby-scoreboard-containerized) - Tools to build and run CRG
- [project_sbo](https://github.com/kel-to-pay/project_sbo) - Ergogen generated custom mechanical keyboard for controlling the CRG roller derby scoreboard and games-data package
- [Roller Derby Manager](https://github.com/cjr3/rdmgr) - A/V production application for Windows, built on Electron, React, and TypeScript.

## Rules
- [Calls](http://www.viennarollerderby.org/calls/calls.html) - Random call generator for roller derby - [Source](https://github.com/fa-bien/calls)
- [Penalty Party](https://penaltyparty.eu/) - Penalty Party helps roller derby leagues to run testing for the WFTDA rules. - [Source](https://github.com/mxsasha/penaltyparty)

## Officials
- [Stave](https://stave.app/) - Platform for roller derby signups and staffing - [Source](https://github.com/davidmreed/stave)
- [TOAST](https://rollerderby.directory/) - The Roller Derby Tournament Officials Season Tracker Web application! - [Source](https://gitlab.com/leegent/toast-api)
- [The Zen of Reffing Roller Derby](https://zenref.rollerderby.fyi/) - Training manual for roller derby referees - [Source](https://github.com/mrogaski/zenref)
- [Non-Skating Official Guides](https://nonskating.club/) - Guides covering everything non-skating officials need to know to officiate high level play in a WFTDA, JRDA, or MRDA context. - [Source](https://github.com/davidmreed/nonskating.club)
- [Pocket Penalty Box Manager](https://keyobs.github.io/pocket-pbt/) - Reliable backup for the official penalty box timers - [Source](https://github.com/keyobs/pocket-pbt)

## Stats
- [derby](https://github.com/biplabendu/derby) - Statistics for roller derby obtained from the WFTDA Statsbook.
- [MRDA Games API](https://api.mrda.org/v1-public/sanctioning/scores?limit=1000) - API with list of MRDA sanctioned games from 2024 -> now
- [Statsbook Tool](https://github.com/AdamSmasherDerby/Statsbook-Tool/releases) - A tool for error-checking WFTDA Statsbooks - [Source](https://github.com/AdamSmasherDerby/Statsbook-Tool) | [Donate](https://ko-fi.com/J3J11GKIZ)

## Wordpress
- [TM Derby Team](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Team/releases) - Plugin to facilitate the management and display team members - [Source](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Team)
- [TM Derby Schedule](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Schedule/releases) - Plugin to manage and showcase game schedules - [Source](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Schedule)
- [https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Schedule/releases](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Scoreboard/releases) - Plugin to manage and display game scores - [Source](https://github.com/heliogoodbye/TM-Derby-Scoreboard)
